Image uploaded to im.ge
link: https://im.ge/i/task0.IlK4wD

What is a server:

	A server is a piece of computer hardware or software (computer program) that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called "clients." 
	This architecture is called the client–server model. Servers can provide various functionalities, often called "services," 
	such as sharing data or resources among multiple clients or performing computations for a client.

	Client–server systems are usually most frequently implemented by (and often identified with) the request–response model: a client sends a request to the server,
	which performs some action and sends a response back to the client, typically with a result or acknowledgment.
	Designating a computer as "server-class hardware" implies that it is specialized for running servers on it. 
	This often implies that it is more powerful and reliable than standard personal computers, but alternatively, 
	large computing clusters may be composed of many relatively simple, replaceable server components.

What is the role of the domain name:
	Domain names serve to identify Internet resources, such as computers, networks, and services, with a text-based label that is easier to memorize than the 
	numerical addresses used in the Internet protocols. A domain name may represent entire collections of such resources or individual instances. 
	Individual Internet host computers use domain names as host identifiers, also called hostnames. 

What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com:
	A record Type which translates the domain name to an IPV4 address 8.8.8.8

What is the role of the web server:
	The primary role of a web server is to store, process, and deliver requested information or webpages to end users

What is the role of the application server:
	The function of the application server is to act as host (or container) 
	for the user’s business logic while facilitating access to and performance of the business application.

What is the role of the database:
	The database is the heart of any information system. It is critical to operating the system. The role of the database is to store and retriev data/information

What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website:
	The TCP/IP protocol.

The issues are with this infrastructure:
SPOF:
	This design just has one physical server, one web server, one application server and one database. 
	If any of these fails, the whole system fails as there is no redundancy.

Downtime when maintenance needed (like deploying new code web server needs to be restarted):
	Maintenance or code upgrade will cause a downtime because there is no backup server to respond to the incoming request while the maintenance is being done.

Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic:
	The infrastructure will be unable to scale due to the presence of a single server that handles all the requests. 
	There is also the absence of a load balancer which would be able to distribute incoming traffic between servers
