Image uploaded to im.ge
Link: https://im.ge/i/Ilk4wy

1. What are firewalls for:
A firewall is a network security device that monitors incoming and outgoing network traffic and permits or blocks data packets based on a set of security rules. 
Its purpose is to establish a barrier between your internal network and incoming traffic from external sources (such as the internet) 
in order to block malicious traffic like viruses and hackers.

2. Why is the traffic served over HTTPS:
Http connections are in plain and information contained very visible to hacks.
HTTPS uses the SSL/TLS protocol to encrypt communications so that attackers can't steal data. 
SSL/TLS also confirms that a website server is who it says it is, preventing impersonations. 
This stops multiple kinds of cyber attacks


3. What monitoring is used for:
A monitoring client is added to the infrastructure to help track the servers, load balancer, application e.t.c. Software monitoring will watch computer metrics, 
record them, and emit an alert if something is unusual or that could make the computer not work properly happens.

4. How the monitoring tool is collecting data:
The monitoring tool receives logs and metrics from it's sources and sends the data to the monitoring system (Sumo service)

5. Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS:
Queries per second is a measure of the rate of traffic going through the server. In order to monitor the web server QPS (query per second), 
we have to monitor for spikes in either direction.

6. Issues with this Infrastructure

a) Why terminating SSL at the load balancer level is an issue:
Terminating SSL at load balancer level is an issue because it leaves traffic between the load balancer and web servers unencrypted. 
Hence, data becomes vulnerable to theft and attacks.

b) Why having only one MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue:
If there is high volume of write requests, there will be pressure on the database that accepts the write requests and if the database fails, 
the application would no longer be able to handle write requests.

c. Why having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application server) might be a problem:
It cause maintenance problems because if maintenance is performed on a server for a specific component, it will affect other components that are on it. 
It could also be a problem when there is high traffic on a single component and we want to scale it seperately as scaling the other components will not be necessary.
